go: document adding C functoin calls to CPU profiles (#15545)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/profiler/enabling/go.md

| `DD_VERSION`                                     | String        | The [version][8] of your service. |
| `DD_TAGS`                                        | String        | Tags to apply to an uploaded profile. Must be a list of `<key>:<value>` separated by commas such as: `layer:api,team:intake`.   |

### Showing C function calls in CPU profiles

Go's CPU profiler only shows detailed information for Go code by default. If your program calls into C code, time spent running C code will be reflected in the profile, but the call stacks will only show Go function calls.

> You can optionally use a library such as [ianlancetaylor/cgosymbolizer][10] to add detailed C function call information to CPU profiles. Note that this library is considered experimental. At Datadog, it has been used in production with few issues. However, the library can cause (infrequent) deadlocks in programs which use C++ exceptions, or which use libraries such as `tcmalloc` that also collect call stacks.

Reviewer: NIT: I think we should add a code snippet that shows how to use ian's library below. 

```go
import _ "github.com/ianlancetaylor/cgosymbolizer"
```

His README doesn't include an example, and in fact might confuse people into thinking that they have to call `runtime.SetCgoTraceback` themselves.

| `DD_VERSION`                                     | String        | The [version][8] of your service. |
| `DD_TAGS`                                        | String        | Tags to apply to an uploaded profile. Must be a list of `<key>:<value>` separated by commas such as: `layer:api,team:intake`.   |

### Showing C function calls in CPU profiles

By default, Go's CPU profiler only shows detailed information for Go code. If your program calls C code, the time spent running C code is reflected in the profile, but the call stacks only show Go function calls.

> Optionally, you can use a library (such as [ianlancetaylor/cgosymbolizer][10]) to add detailed C function call information to CPU profiles. To use the library:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To add detailed C function call information to CPU profiles, you may opt to use library such as [ianlancetaylor/cgosymbolizer][10]. To use this library:
```

> You can optionally use a library such as [ianlancetaylor/cgosymbolizer][10] to add detailed C function call information to CPU profiles. To use the library:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Optionally, you can use a library (such as [ianlancetaylor/cgosymbolizer][10]) to add detailed C function call information to CPU profiles. To use the library:
```

> 1. Download the pacakge:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Download the package:
```

    ```shell
   go get github.com/ianlancetaylor/cgosymbolizer@latest
    ```

2. Add the following import anywhere in your program:

    ```Go
    import _ "github.com/ianlancetaylor/cgosymbolizer"
    ```

> **Note**: This library is considered experimental. At Datadog, it has been used in production with few issues. However, the library can cause (infrequent) deadlocks in programs which use C++ exceptions, or which use libraries such as `tcmalloc` that also collect call stacks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note**: This library is considered experimental. It can cause (infrequent) deadlocks in programs that use C++ exceptions, or that use libraries such as `tcmalloc`, which also collect call stacks.
```

Author: I've committed this suggestion, but I was wondering if there's a particular reason why the sentence mentioning our usage at Datadog was removed? If there's a general policy around such things, it would be good to know so I can avoid issues in the future :)

Reviewer 2: sorry @nsrip-dd I just saw this! there isn't a general policy around it, but in this case I didn't think its usage at Datadog was directly relevant to the note. I think you meant for this to explain that the library is relatively stable and that these issues aren't super common, but I just didn't think that level of nuance is really necessary here.

Author: No worries! That makes sense to me. Thank you for clarifying!
